Java program to calculate the prime numbers between 2 and N (N<10000).
Java program to calculate the prime numbers between M and N (N<10000).
Java program to check whether two numbers are coprime where M&N are <100.
Java program to generate random numbers between given ranges.
Java program to check whether a number is an emrip number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is an ugly number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is a Kaprekar number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is a palindromic number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is an equidigital number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is a factorion number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is an extravagant number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is a narcissistic number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is an Osiris number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is a trimorphic number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is a sum-product number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is an Evil number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is an Harshad number or not.
Java program to check whether a number is an Pronic number or not.
Java program to check whether input number is EVEN or ODD.
Java program to print all Armstrong numbers between given range.
Java program to produce the first 20 Smith numbers.
Java program to produce a set of Vampire numbers.
Java program to check number is positive, negative or zero.
Java program to print a 16 row Floyd’s triangle.
Java program to generate permutation of the digits in a number.
Java program to find the squares of 1 to N.
Java program to find the cubes of 1 to N.
Java program to find the factorials of 1 to N.
Java program to find the Longest Sequence of 1’s in a 64 bit binary number.
Java program to find sum and average of eight positive integers.
Java program to that swaps two numbers
Java program to print uppercase and lowercase alphabets.
Java program to print Pascal's triangle.
Java program to count total positives, negatives and zeros from an array.
Java program to find sum of all digits.
Java program to find mean of a digits in a given integer.
Java program to build a calculator.
Java program to calculate compound interest.
Java program to read strings with different methods.
Java program to validate input as integer value only.
Java program to check whether a given character is in an alphabet.
Java program to print the first 32 triangle numbers.
Java program to convert string to Boolean.
Java program to convert string to Double.
Java program to convert string to int.
Java program to convert double to Double.
Java program to convert int to Double.
Java program to count factors of a given number.
Java program to find the higest of five numbers.
Java program to find the lowest of five numbers.
Java program to calculate area of Hexagon.
Java program to find perimeter of a rectangle.
Java program to find occurrences of palindrome words in a string.
Java program to swap first and last character of each word in a string.
Java program to divide two numbers and catch the exception, if divisor is 0.
Java program to check whether given IMEI Number is valid using the Luhn algorithm.
Java program to find smallest element in an array.
Java program to find larget element in an array.
Java program to convert an integer of seconds to hours, minutes and second.
Java program to convert an float represetation of hours to hours, minutes and second.
Java program to convert an float represetation of minutes to hours, minutes and second.
Java program to find largest number among four numbers.
Java program to find largest number among sixteen numbers.
Java program to check an integer year is Leap year or not.
